README.md, before:

nub
===

nub is a visual programming environment driven in your webbrowser, powered by php 5.4 and some javascript.

At present only a sample browser, and some very basic tests are included.

Testing:
--------

Just testing the UI mockup, have a peek at http://jsfiddle.net/JprP4/embedded/result/

For the wicked:

To run the browser, you'll need pywebkitgtk (in ubuntu speak that's python-ubuntu), and fire up the php build in webserver.
The webserver must be started in the projects ui folder and the python-webkit script must point to started server on localhost.

Other than that the scripts from the samples folder may be run by php cli.

Current Development
-------------------

Some basic UI controls such as panning, zooming and a little preview window, inserting nodes and connecting them.

Future Development
------------------

At a later state, it's very likely that nodejs will be included so that development may either use that python browser or any other nice modern browser supporting websockets.

Expanding more objects into nub and nub core


Changelog
=========

v0.1
----
initial release

Commit message:

Changed README for failing jsfiddle sample

README.md, after:

nub
===

nub is a visual programming environment driven in your webbrowser, powered by php 5.4 and some javascript.

At present only a sample browser, and some very basic tests are included.

Testing:
--------

Just testing the UI mockup, have a peek at http://jsfiddle.net/JprP4/embedded/result/

For some reasons, the jsfiddle is currently not working properly. A fix is coming.

For the wicked:

To run the browser, you'll need pywebkitgtk (in ubuntu speak that's python-ubuntu), and fire up the php build in webserver.
The webserver must be started in the projects ui folder and the python-webkit script must point to started server on localhost.

Other than that the scripts from the samples folder may be run by php cli.

Current Development
-------------------

Some basic UI controls such as panning, zooming and a little preview window, inserting nodes and connecting them.

Future Development
------------------

At a later state, it's very likely that nodejs will be included so that development may either use that python browser or any other nice modern browser supporting websockets.

Expanding more objects into nub and nub core


Changelog
=========

v0.1
----
initial release
